Way down in West Virginia lived a girl named Nancy Brown.
She never seen such beauty in city or in town.
Nancy and the deacon climbed the mountainside one day, but Nancy didn't like what the deacon had to say.
She came rolling down the mountain, she came rolling down the mountain.
rollin' down the mountain mighty soon.
For fight she's deacon's urchin, she is still the local virgin, and she's just as pure as her old pappy's moon.
And then there came a cowboy, a cowboy big and strong.
She took our Nancy Walken, but she still knew right from wrong.
She came rollin' down the mountain, she came rollin' down the mountain, rollin' down the mountain mighty still.
And then there came a trapper with his knapsack on his back.
He took our Nancy walkin' her way up to his shack.
She came rollin' down the mountain, she came rollin' down the mountain, rollin' down the mountain mighty wise.
For despite the trapper's punnin', she didn't feel like funnin', and she's just as pure as West Virginia skies.
Then there came a city slicker with his hundred-dollar bills.
He took the Nancy and his Chevy up those West Virginia hills.
Oh, she stayed up in the mountains.
Yes, she stayed up in the mountains.
She stayed up in the mountains all the night.
She came home next morning early, more a woman than a girly.
And her pappy kicked the hussy out of sight.
And she's living in the city, yes, she's living in the city.
Living in the city mighty well.
She's a-wining and a-dining on her fanny, she's reclining.
And those West Virginia hills can go to hell.